README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Osmedeus" src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/108/108669.svg" height="140" />
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus"><img alt="python" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.6%2B-blue.svg"></a>
    <a href=""><img alt="Software License" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
    <a href=""><img alt="OS" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OS-Linux,%20macOS-green.svg"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus"><img alt="Release" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.2-red.svg"></a>
    <a href="https://youtu.be/8L5BAyyrNc0"><img alt="Demo" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/demo-youtube-blue.svg"></a>
  </p>
</p>


# What is Osmedeus?

![Architecture](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/master/imgs/Osmedeus-architecture.png)

Osmedeus allows you automated run the collection of awesome tools to reconnaissance and vulnerability scanning against the target.

# How to use
If you have no idea what are you doing just type the command below or check out the [Advanced Usage](https://github.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/wiki/Advanced-Usage)
```
./osmedeus.py -t example.com
```

# Installation
```
git clone https://github.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus
cd Osmedeus
./install.sh
```
This install only focus on Kali linux, check more install on [Wiki page](https://github.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/wiki)


# Features
- [x] Subdomain Scan.
- [x] Subdomain TakeOver Scan.
- [x] Screenshot the target.
- [x] Basic recon like Whois, Dig info.
- [x] Web Technology detection.
- [x] IP Discovery.
- [x] CORS Scan.
- [x] SSL Scan.
- [x] Headers Scan.
- [x] Port Scan.
- [x] Vulnerable Scan.
- [x] Seperate workspaces to store all scan output and details logging.
- [x] REST API.
- [x] React [Web UI](https://github.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/wiki/Web-UI).
- [x] Support Continuous Scan.
- [x] Slack notifications.

# Demo
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/230164.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/230164)

![Slack Noti](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/master/imgs/slack_noti.png)

![Slack Report](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/master/imgs/slack_report.png)

![Web UI 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/master/imgs/osmedeus-1.png)

![Web UI 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/master/imgs/osmedeus-2.png)

![Web UI 3](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/master/imgs/osmedeus-3.png)


# Disclaimer
Most of this tool done by the authors of the tool that list in [CREDITS.md](https://github.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/blob/master/CREDITS.md).
I'm just put all the pieces together, plus some extra magic.

This tool is for educational purposes only. You are responsible for your own actions. If you mess something up or break any laws while using this software, it's your fault, and your fault only.

# Contribute
Please take a look at [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

# CREDITS
Please take a look at [CREDITS.md](https://github.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/blob/master/CREDITS.md)

# Contact
[@j3ssiejjj](https://twitter.com/j3ssiejjj)

Commit message:

Improve the UI for remote access

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Osmedeus" src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/108/108669.svg" height="140" />
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus"><img alt="python" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.6%2B-blue.svg"></a>
    <a href=""><img alt="Software License" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
    <a href=""><img alt="OS" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OS-Linux,%20macOS-green.svg"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus"><img alt="Release" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.2-red.svg"></a>
    <a href="https://youtu.be/8L5BAyyrNc0"><img alt="Demo" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/demo-youtube-blue.svg"></a>
  </p>
</p>


# What is Osmedeus?

![Architecture](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/master/imgs/Osmedeus-architecture.png)

Osmedeus allows you automated run the collection of awesome tools to reconnaissance and vulnerability scanning against the target.

# How to use
If you have no idea what are you doing just type the command below or check out the [Advanced Usage](https://github.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/wiki/Advanced-Usage)
```
./osmedeus.py -t example.com
```

# Installation
```
git clone https://github.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus
cd Osmedeus
./install.sh
```
This install only focus on Kali linux, check more install on [Wiki page](https://github.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/wiki)

# Using Docker 
Check out [docker-osmedeus](https://github.com/mablanco/docker-osmedeus) by [mabnavarrete](https://twitter.com/mabnavarrete) for docker installation and this [wiki](https://github.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/wiki/REST-API) for remote access

# Features
- [x] Subdomain Scan.
- [x] Subdomain TakeOver Scan.
- [x] Screenshot the target.
- [x] Basic recon like Whois, Dig info.
- [x] Web Technology detection.
- [x] IP Discovery.
- [x] CORS Scan.
- [x] SSL Scan.
- [x] Headers Scan.
- [x] Port Scan.
- [x] Vulnerable Scan.
- [x] Seperate workspaces to store all scan output and details logging.
- [x] REST API.
- [x] React [Web UI](https://github.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/wiki/Web-UI).
- [x] Support Continuous Scan.
- [x] Slack notifications.

# Demo
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/230164.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/230164)

![Slack Noti](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/master/imgs/slack_noti.png)

![Slack Report](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/master/imgs/slack_report.png)

![Web UI 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/master/imgs/osmedeus-1.png)

![Web UI 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/master/imgs/osmedeus-2.png)

![Web UI 3](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/master/imgs/osmedeus-3.png)


# Disclaimer
Most of this tool done by the authors of the tool that list in [CREDITS.md](https://github.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/blob/master/CREDITS.md).
I'm just put all the pieces together, plus some extra magic.

This tool is for educational purposes only. You are responsible for your own actions. If you mess something up or break any laws while using this software, it's your fault, and your fault only.

# Contribute
Please take a look at [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

# CREDITS
Please take a look at [CREDITS.md](https://github.com/j3ssie/Osmedeus/blob/master/CREDITS.md)

# Contact
[@j3ssiejjj](https://twitter.com/j3ssiejjj)
